# Python Web Scraping Script

## Overview
This repository contains a Python script for web scraping. The script utilizes the `requests` library to send HTTP requests and `BeautifulSoup` from `beautifulsoup4` for parsing HTML content. Specifically, it is designed to target a web page, scrape its HTML content, and then search for a specific script tag. Within this script tag, the script uses a regular expression to find and extract a particular link. Once the link is extracted, it is printed out, which can be useful for bypassing certain web restrictions or for extracting specific links that are dynamically generated or embedded within scripts.

This script can be particularly useful in scenarios where direct access to certain links is restricted or when the links are not statically defined in the HTML but are instead dynamically generated by JavaScript. By extracting these links, the script facilitates various data extraction and web automation tasks, such as:

- Automating the process of gathering links that are dynamically generated by client-side scripts.
- Bypassing simple web restrictions that hide direct links in JavaScript.
- Extracting specific URLs for further automated processing or data collection.

It's important to note that this script should be used responsibly and ethically. Ensure that you have permission to scrape the website and that your actions comply with the website's terms of service.


## Prerequisites
Before running this script, you need to have Python installed on your system. Additionally, the script requires the following Python libraries:
- `requests`
- `beautifulsoup4`

You can install these libraries using pip:
`pip install requests beautifulsoup4`


## Usage
Run the script using Python:
`python bypass.py`

The script will perform a GET request to the specified URL, parse the HTML content, search for a specific script tag, extract a link from it, and print the bypassed link.

## Customization
You can modify the script to target different URLs or extract different elements by changing the `url` variable and adjusting the BeautifulSoup and regex logic.

## Contributing
Contributions to this project are welcome. Please fork the repository and submit a pull request with your changes.

## License
This project is licensed under [The Unlicense](LICENSE).

## Disclaimer
This script is for educational purposes only. Ensure that you have permission to scrape the website and that your actions comply with the website's terms of service.

## Contact
For any queries or assistance, feel free to open an issue in this repository.
